# SEAPIG

# **Please note that the website does not currently exist online. For the moment you can clone/fork this repository and generate a local copy of the site.**

Welcome to the **S**partan **E**Bay **A**pplication **P**rogramming **I**nterface **G**uide

I've always found the official [documentation](https://go.developer.ebay.com/developers/ebay/documentation-tools/) a great resource for developers wishing to make use of the eBay API. For an API that is as complex as eBay's, this is an important tool that you should familiarize yourself with as it provides detailed information on every method that you could possible call and is freely available to everyone.

I personally use the documents as a way of learning the API. When I need to know how a particular feature works, such as listing an item to eBay, I find the combination of the docs and the API testing [tool](https://developer.ebay.com/DevZone/build-test/test-tool/) a good way of achieving this.

## So why Seapig?

As helpful as I find the documentation there are times when I just want something that is not quite as detailed. Once I'm familiar with a particular method of the API there are moments when I just need a reference guide, somewhere I can quickly lookup the information that I need without having to wade through a lot of stuff. Ideally something that is easy to navigate and that presents the vast amount of information in a consistent way. I also expect the information to be as up to date as possible.

This is why I've created Seapig. It aims to be a site that is a simplified, or *spartan*, version of the eBay API documentation. A site that I can use as a quick reference guide.

## What the site is
  - **Open to everyone**
  - Feel free to browse the site and use it as much as you want. Hosting costs permitting, I aim to keep the site running indefinitely.
  - **Updated regularly**
  - The site will be kept up to date with the official documents. Initially this will be done on a weekly basis but this can change if needed.
  - **A work in progress**
  - The site will be improved by fixing issues and adding new features.
  - **Mobile friendly**
  - By using JQuery Mobile the site should be ideal for using on a mobile device as well as a desktop.
  - **Available on Github**
  - The HTML for the site is generated by parsing the API WSDLs that eBay provide. The code responsible for this can be found in the git [repository](https://github.com/davidtsadler/seapig).

## What the site isn't 
  - **Endorsed by eBay**
  - This is my personal project.
  - **Comprehensive**
  - By its very nature as being a quick reference it will never be as comprehensive as the official documentation. This is why you won't find things such as example code and detailed explanations. In addition not all of the available services will be present as only those that have a WSDL provided by eBay will be included. I have also taken the decision of not including any documentation for the [Open eBay Apps](https://go.developer.ebay.com/developers/ebay/documentation-tools/#openebayapps) as eBay is no longer accepting new applications.
  - **A replacement**
  - A huge amount of time and effort would have gone into creating the official documentation and there is no way that this site can ever be considered a replacement. Think of this site as an additional tool that I hope you find useful.

## License
MIT

## Resources for Newcomers
  - [The Wiki](https://github.com/davidtsadler/seapig/wiki)
